New documentation for 🤗 Hub (#71)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/main.md

- `question-answering`, for instance [`distilbert-base-uncased-distilled-squad`](https://huggingface.co/distilbert-base-uncased-distilled-squad)
- `translation`, for instance [`t5-base`](https://huggingface.co/t5-base)
- `summarization`, for instance [`facebook/bart-large-cnn`](https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-cnn)
- `conversational`, for instance [`facebook/blenderbot-400M-distill`](https://huggingface.co/facebook/blenderbot-400M-distill)
- `text-generation`, for instance [`gpt2`](https://huggingface.co/gpt2)
- `fill-mask`, for instance [`distilroberta-base`](https://huggingface.co/distilroberta-base)
- `zero-shot-classification` (implemented on top of a nli `text-classification` model), for instance [`facebook/bart-large-mnli`](https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-mnli)
- `table-question-answering`, for instance [`google/tapas-base-finetuned-wtq`](https://huggingface.co/google/tapas-base-finetuned-wtq)
- `sentence-similarity`, for instance [`osanseviero/full-sentence-distillroberta2`](/osanseviero/full-sentence-distillroberta2)

## How can I load/push from/to the Hub?

> You have access to the repos as with any other Git-based repository! You can even upload very large files. Read more about it [here](https://huggingface.co/welcome).

Reviewer: add video tutorial about LFS?

Reviewer 2: does this video exist already 🤯 : https://twitter.com/julien_c/status/1392950206900195332?s=20

Reviewer: haha no but someone should really do one (or text tuto if it's better)

Author: I would actually suggest to use one of the videos from the course or link to the course section on this :)

Author: I'll do this in a follow-up PR with some of the needed style changes.

## What's a repository?

The 🤗 Hub hosts Git-based repositories which are storage spaces that can contain all your files 💾.

These repositories have multiple advantages over other hosting solutions:

* versioning
* commit history and diffs
* branches

On top of that, 🤗 Hub repositories have many other advantages:

* Repos provide useful metadata about their tasks, languages, metrics, etc.
* Anyone can play with the model directly in the browser!
* An API is provided to use the models in production settings.
* Over 10 frameworks such as 🤗 Transformers, Asteroid and ESPnet support using models from the 🤗 Hub. 

## What's a widget?

Many repos have a widget that allows anyone to do inference directly on the browser! Here is an example in which the model determines what's the most likely word in the middle of a sentence.

> ![A screenshot of a widget for the fill-token task.](/docs/assets/widget.png)

Author: Great idea! I added NER with spaCy, image classification, TTS and sentence similarity.

## What's the Inference API?

The Inference API allows doing simple HTTP requests to models in the 🤗 Hub. The Inference API is 2x to 10x faster than the widgets! ⚡⚡

## How can I explore the 🤗 Hub?
**Add video from Lysandre here**

## How is a model's type of inference API and widget determined?

> To determine which pipeline and widget to display (text-classification, token-classification, translation, etc.), we analyze information in the repo such as the metadata provided in the model card and configuration files. This information is mapped to a single `pipeline_tag`. At the moment, we expose **only one** widget per model. We try to use the most specific pipeline for each model, see pseudo-code in [this gist](https://gist.github.com/julien-c/857ba86a6c6a895ecd90e7f7cab48046).

Author: You're right. I added a (I hope) clearer explanation of how this works and, although I still provide the gist, the new explanation should be sufficient.

* Anyone can play with the model directly in the browser!
* An API is provided to use the models in production settings.
* [Over 10 frameworks](/docs/libraries) such as 🤗 Transformers, Asteroid and ESPnet support using models from the 🤗 Hub. 

## What's a widget?

Many repos have a widget that allows anyone to do inference directly on the browser!

Here are some examples:
* [Named Entity Recognition](https://huggingface.co/spacy/en_core_web_sm?text=My+name+is+Sarah+and+I+live+in+London) using [spaCy](https://spacy.io/).
* [Image Classification](https://huggingface.co/google/vit-base-patch16-224) using [🤗 Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers)
* [Text to Speech](https://huggingface.co/julien-c/ljspeech_tts_train_tacotron2_raw_phn_tacotron_g2p_en_no_space_train) using [ESPnet](https://github.com/espnet/espnet).
* [Sentence Similarity](https://huggingface.co/osanseviero/full-sentence-distillroberta3) using [Sentence Transformers](https://github.com/UKPLab/sentence-transformers).

## What's the Inference API?

> The Inference API allows doing simple HTTP requests to models in the 🤗 Hub. The Inference API is 2x to 10x faster than the widgets! ⚡⚡

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Inference API allows you to send HTTP requests to models in the 🤗 Hub. The Inference API is 2x to 10x faster than the widgets! ⚡⚡
```

## How can I explore the 🤗 Hub?

[![Model Hub Video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/XvSGPZFEjDY/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvSGPZFEjDY)

## How is a model's type of inference API and widget determined?

To determine which pipeline and widget to display (`text-classification`, `token-classification`, `translation`, etc.), we analyze information in the repo such as the metadata provided in the model card and configuration files. This information is mapped to a single `pipeline_tag`. At the moment, we expose **only one** widget per model. 

For most use cases, the model type is determined from the tags. For example, if there is `tag: text-classification` in the metadata, the inferred `pipeline_tag` will be `text-classification`.

> For `🤗 Transformers`, additional information is obtained from `config.json`. The architecture can be used to determine the type: for example, `AutoModelForTokenClassification` corresponds to `token-classification`. If you're really interested on this, you can see pseudo-code in [this gist](https://gist.github.com/julien-c/857ba86a6c6a895ecd90e7f7cab48046).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `🤗 Transformers`, additional information is obtained from `config.json`. The architecture can be used to determine the type: for example, `AutoModelForTokenClassification` corresponds to `token-classification`. If you're really interested in this, you can see pseudo-code in [this gist](https://gist.github.com/julien-c/857ba86a6c6a895ecd90e7f7cab48046).
```

- `translation`, for instance [`t5-base`](https://huggingface.co/t5-base)
- `summarization`, for instance [`facebook/bart-large-cnn`](https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-cnn)
- `conversational`, for instance [`facebook/blenderbot-400M-distill`](https://huggingface.co/facebook/blenderbot-400M-distill)
- `text-generation`, for instance [`gpt2`](https://huggingface.co/gpt2)
- `fill-mask`, for instance [`distilroberta-base`](https://huggingface.co/distilroberta-base)
- `zero-shot-classification` (implemented on top of a nli `text-classification` model), for instance [`facebook/bart-large-mnli`](https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-mnli)
- `table-question-answering`, for instance [`google/tapas-base-finetuned-wtq`](https://huggingface.co/google/tapas-base-finetuned-wtq)
- `sentence-similarity`, for instance [`osanseviero/full-sentence-distillroberta2`](/osanseviero/full-sentence-distillroberta2)

## How can I load/push from/to the Hub?

You have access to the repos as with any other Git-based repository! You can even upload very large files. Read more about it [here](https://huggingface.co/welcome).

## What's the origin of 🤗 name? 

> 🤗

Reviewer 2: haha, brilliant :)
